I had a tough time dealing with going to the hospital and then
treated like garbage, right? Because I was an addict at the time.
I was a hard sell at the very beginning, I think,
where most people are. But once I figured out that they're there to
help me, I just embraced the knowledge that they could share.
The minute they see your chart with your history that you're a drug
addict or you're this or you're an alcoholic, right away you're put in
this file. The nurse that was helping me, to this day I remember
because I was PO'd, like they thought I was coming in and I
was high and stuff, but I wasn't. I was in there to get
help, because I needed help. My mental health care worker, Zoe, I didn't
like her at the beginning. She called me out on my shit and
I did not like her when I first met her, but now I love her. She didn't
judge me, which is a huge thing. You know I couldn't ask for
anybody better than Zoe. I would say probably
rekindling my relationship with my daughter. Treat others as you would like
to be treated would be a big one.